compress: Add compression/decompression subsystem (#16688)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Other libraries
---------------

> * Added a compress library with support for lzma decompression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a compression library with support for the LZMA decompression.
```

Author: Fixed

Other libraries
---------------

> * Added a compression/decompression library with support for the LZMA decompression.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this library be documented somewhere?

Author: Documentation will be added before the 2.8 release but after this PR
